more details about prometheus-config.yaml (#1004)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/administration-guide/proc_collecting-che-metrics-with-prometheus.adoc

.Procedure

* Configure Prometheus to scrape metrics from the `8087` port
+
.Prometheus configuration example
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes"]
----
include::examples/prometheus-config.yaml[]
----
+
ifeval::["{project-context}" == "che"]

> Latest version is: link:https://+github.com/eclipse/che/blob/master/deploy/openshift/templates/monitoring/prometheus-config.yaml[example prometheus-config.yaml on GitHub]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latest version: link:https://+github.com/eclipse/che/blob/master/deploy/openshift/templates/monitoring/prometheus-config.yaml[example `prometheus-config.yaml` on GitHub].
```

endif::[]
+
There are two blocks of configuration in the `prometheus-config.yml` block of the example configuration file: `global` and `scrape_configs`.
+

> The `global` block controls the Prometheus server's global configuration. We have two options present. The first, `scrape_interval`, controls how often Prometheus will scrape targets. You can override this for individual targets. In this case the global setting is to scrape every 5 seconds. The `evaluation_interval` option controls how often Prometheus will evaluate rules. Prometheus uses rules to create new time series and to generate alerts. This option is not used in the example here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `global` block controls the Prometheus server's global configuration. There are two options present:

* `scrape_interval` controls how often Prometheus scrapes targets. You can override this for individual targets. In this case, the global setting is to scrape every 5 seconds.
* `evaluation_interval` controls how often Prometheus evaluates rules. Prometheus uses rules to create new time series and to generate alerts. This option is not used in the example here.
```

+

> The last block, `scrape_configs`, controls what resources Prometheus monitors. In the default configuration there is a single job, called `{prod-host}`, which scrapes the time series data exposed by the {prod-short} server. The job contains a single, statically configured, target, the `{prod-host}` host on port `8087`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last block, `scrape_configs`, controls what resources Prometheus monitors. In the default configuration, there is a single job called `{prod-host}`, which scrapes the time series data exposed by the {prod-short} server. The job contains a single, statically configured target, the `{prod-host}` host on port `8087`.
```
